# Minutes of Meeting 5 (25/08/2024)
**Present:** Zane M, Alistair P, Jay K, Duc Long T, Pengyu L

**Apologies:** Niketh K

**Absent:**

**Meeting Started:** 3:00pm

**Meeting Ended:** 4:00pm

# 5.1 Matters from meeting 4
## 4.3 Development progress
Zane - Small interface for writing to *csv* for Polhemus data.
Ali, Jay, Long - Parsing *.bvh* files and graph data.
Pengyu - General information about cameras and functionality.

## 4.4 Auditor meeting
Meeting set for 2pm Thursday (29/08), will schedule meeting and send invite.

# 5.2 Mentor meeting
Mentor would like to meet again, and would like Sprint 2 goals:
- **Overarching goal**
  - Being able to *read* data from connected trackers
- **Stretch goals**
  - Graph information
  - csv output (sprint 3 MVP)
Ali will liaise to organise time.

# 5.3 Next meeting deliverables
## 5.3.1 Dev progress so far
Anything worked on between now and next meeting. -Everyone

## 5.3.2 Sprint 2 plan
Allocated to Zane

## 5.3.3 Leapmotion
Zane will investigsate Leapmotion if time permits.
